hey guys so I recently went to my
friend's beach wedding and I thought I
would film it get ready with me in case
you guys were going to one and wanted
some ideas so let's go ahead and get
started
starting with my bare face I'm going to
be using a primer I'm actually using the
covergirl true magic as a primer I like
using this underneath my makeup instead
of over the top and then I'm going in
with my Garnier roller circle baller
thinger for concealing my under eye
circles and I'm just gonna go ahead and
Pat that in with my ring finger and then
for a foundation I'm gonna be using my
L'Oreal BB cream just kind of smoothing
that all over my face for an even finish
and then I'm gonna go ahead and conceal
any blemishes I may be having with my
Maybelline fit me concealer in the color
medium so I'm just gonna DAP that
everywhere and then go ahead and blend
it in with my little fingers then I'm
gonna go ahead and set it all in place
with my Maybelline mineral power this is
just an awesome powder foundation and
I'm using my Sigma f80 flat top kabuki
then I'm gonna go ahead and fill in my
brows with my Anastasia brow powder and
a light taupe
then they comb that through
now onto bronzer I'm going to be using
my positions formula bronzers the happy
booster bronzer I'm going to go ahead
and do my cheekbones my temples high
points and then down along my jaw and
then for blush I'm going to be using
NARS deep throat it's a very beautiful
pink with like a little bit of a sheen
to it I really like it
gonna have that on my cheekbones and
then for highlighter I'm gonna be using
my hard candy so baked bronzer and key
key down the bridge of my nose high
points of my cheeks and then above my
eyebrows and right on my keep it stuff
and then I'm gonna be using my NYX
eyeshadow base for my eyeshadow primer
and I'm gonna go ahead and just blend
that in with my ring finger for
eyeshadow I'm gonna be using my Mac
palette i'm gonna be using mac's
allthatglitters all over the lid which
is the big fluffy brush I'm gonna go
ahead and put it all over the lid and
then blend it up to the brow bone and
then I'm also gonna go in with Mac's
wedge it's just a nice matte Brown to
kind of define my crease and just add a
little bit of definition with a big
fluffy blending brush and then lastly
I'm gonna go in with Mac's table which
is a beautiful bronzy color and I'm
going to go ahead and sat down under my
lower lash line and blend away now I'm
going to go ahead and just spray my NYX
matte finishing spray this just kind of
helps me look a little less powdery and
I like doing this before I apply any
other eye makeup then I'm going to go
ahead and line my eyes with my
Physicians Formula liquid eyeliner
I'm just gonna go ahead and do a subtle
wing to both eyes now time to curl those
lashes I'm gonna use my ELF eyelash
curler to just get my lashes a little
bit more fix my hair at the same time
apparently and then I'm going in with my
covergirl clump crusher and my Jordana
best laughs what laughs extremes and my
two favorite mascaras they're great for
layering and I'm gonna go ahead and put
those on and then separate with deep
foot buffer all righty now I'm gonna go
ahead and finish with lips I'm using my
Revlon just bitten lip stain in the
color honey it's a nice pinky nude color
I'm going to finish it with my NYX lip
plumper in the color and Elizabeth
alrighty now that makeup is done let's
go ahead and move on to this mess of a
hair I did not feel like doing anything
and I feel like I was going to a beach
so I did not want to spend that much
time doing my hair and it was kind of a
little humid up so I figured I would
just throw my hair up in a nice little
side view so I just basically took two
pieces I have a full tutorial on how to
do this exact twisty braid thing I'll
link it down below but I basically just
kind of put this little side twisted
braided detail asks thing it's really
easy I do it a lot so I just did this to
my one side of my hair that most of my
side most of the hair was parted to I
had a little tangles going on but I just
kind of loosely did that not too much
and then I loosen it up and make it look
really casual so once that's done I
don't pin it or anything I just kind of
gather all of my hair to the side and
I'm gonna go ahead and just wrap it
around itself to make sort of like a
side bun and then tuck the little tail
in between it and then I'm going to go
ahead and secure with an elastic just
very loosely it's very casual and then I
go ahead and go in and just like mess it
up a bit and just make it look really
beachy and flowy because I didn't want
anything super
destructor anything so if I just go
ahead and pull out some pieces make it
look really casual and that's pretty
much there it was really simple and I
thought it was perfect for our wedding
so that was the hair and makeup now
let's go ahead and see what I ended up
wearing so here's the makeup look my
earrings are from Regina my hair clearly
just chilling there I put a little bobby
pins in for some extra my nails were at
he's BG over the top of Marshall laughs
nails and then my ring was from my mom
it was a gift from her and then my watch
was Michael Kors
my top is from H&M it's just this white
ruffled top loved it it's kind of short
but it's tucked into my maxi skirt
perfectly so the maxi skirt is also from
H&M it's a really nice kind of like
openly champagne color is really pretty
and I just thought it worked really nice
I didn't want a short dress because I
didn't want it to like flow up and I
just used my blue 2-ton clutch well it's
actually a purse but I just stuff straps
inside of it and then I just throw in
some flip-flops because it was a beach
wedding these are mine you patent
leather Steve Madden sandals so yeah I
just loved how this outfit turned out I
thought it was perfect so here's a full
body shot I hope you guys enjoyed and if
you are going to any beach weddings I
hope this gave you an idea and yeah
happy wedding so I will see you all in
my next one I hope you guys enjoyed love
you bye